stateful deployments: task group host volume claims API (#25114)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/api-docs/volumes.mdx

volume claims.

- `task_group` `(string: "")` - Specifies the task group name used to filter
task group volume claims.

- `volume_name` `(string: "")` - Specifies the volume name used to filter
task group volume claims.

- `next_token` `(string: "")` - This endpoint supports paging. The
`next_token` parameter accepts a string returned in a previous response's
`NextToken` field to request the next page of results.

- `per_page` `(int: <required>)` - Specifies a maximum number of snapshots to
return for this request. The response includes a `NextToken` field that
can be passed to the next request to fetch additional pages.

### Sample Request

```shell-session
$ curl \
    https://localhost:4646/v1/volumes/claims
```

### Sample Response

```json
[
  {
    "AllocID": "34e44207-0cf3-a24d-4bbe-6c91cec642ce",
    "CreateIndex": 15,
    "ID": "75c417b5-cf90-86e4-8ffc-d18f445e0721",
    "JobID": "example",
    "ModifyIndex": 15,
    "Namespace": "default",
    "TaskGroupName": "echo",
    "VolumeID": "0bb42da3-7e09-6937-a83d-69d5c9bfce30",
    "VolumeName": "sticky-volume"
  }
]
```

## Delete Task Group Host Volume Claims

> This endpoint allows deleting host volume claims made by task groups that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint deletes host volume claims made by task groups that
```
